Updating landing pages content (#1)
Azure/azure-sdk-assets: SUPPORT.md

# Support

## How to file issues and get help  

> This repository is merely a collection of tags that contain recordings and other resources. If there are issues to be filed, they likely relate to the language repo rather than this one.

Author: ```suggestion
This repository is merely a collection of tags that contain recordings and other resources. If there are issues to be filed, they likely relate to the relevant language repo rather than this assets repository.

```
